Add release note for EndpointSlice changes (#1002)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

  during gateway migration.
* Fixed issue which caused the IPsec pluto process to crash when the remote endpoint was unstable.
* The Globalnet component now handles out-of-order remote endpoint notifications properly.
* For headless services, Service Discovery now derives its `EndpointSlices` from the Kubernetes `EndpointSlices` so for each
  Kubernetes `EndpointSlice` there will be a corresponding Service Discovery `EndpointSlice`.  Service Discovery `EndpointSlices`
  follow the same naming convention in that the names are auto-generated by Kubernetes prefixed by the service name.

>   Endpoints for all conditions are included - prior relases only published ready endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Endpoints for all conditions are included now, prior releases only published ready endpoints.
```
